docs(status-list): add module readme (#430)
energywebfoundation/ssi-hub: docs/status-list.md

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
participant rv as Revoker
participant shsl as SSI-Hub StatusList Module

rv->>shsl: request to revoke a credential (provide entry)
shsl-->>rv: return status list credential to be signed 
rv->>rv: sign credential
rv->>shsl: return status list VC
shsl->>shsl: check the DID/credentials of the revoker
opt revoker is authorized 
shsl->>shsl: persist updated status list
end
```

### Verify a credential
```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
participant vr as Verifier
participant shsl as SSI-Hub StatusList Module

vr->>shsl: request a status list for presented VC
shsl-->>vr: return status list VC
vr->>vr: check that status list proof is valid
vr->>vr: check if presented VC is revoked
```

## Key Design Challenges and Solutions

### Revocation Authorization is based on Role Definition
It only makes sense for a revoker to sign a list that they are authorized to sign.
This authorization is determined by the role definition of the role credential that a revoker is attempting to revoke.

This means that it is not feasible have just one list in SSI Hub, for example.
This is because it is not feasible that a given revoker is authorized to revoke all roles.

**Chosen solution**:

> This authorization challenge is eliminated by having one list per role definition/namespace.

Reviewer: Isn't status list created for each credential? https://github.com/energywebfoundation/ssi-hub/blob/d1b42b2f434e8e2251c3d1a2b875bde4f317c9af/src/modules/status-list/entities/namespace-status-lists.entity.ts#L49

Author: Good point, I changed the wording to be "having the credentials on each given list be only for one role."

This allows a sequence as follows
  1. Revoker A revokes credential A on list 1 (signing list 1).
  1. Revoker B then revokes credential B on list 1 (signing list 1).
  1. Revoker B therefore also signing the previous revocation of Revoker A (in addition to their new revocation).
  *This is acceptable as long as Revoker B trusts what Revoker A has done*.

This approach allows bulk revocation of credential of the same role

### Client-side proving/signing of CredentialStatus VC
[StatusList2021Credentials](https://w3c-ccg.github.io/vc-status-list-2021/#example-example-statuslist2021credential-0) should have a proof so that verifiers can con

Due to the IAM stack's signature being client-side (performed, for example by Metamask) means that the server cannot forge status list credentials.
However this introduces challenges because the revocations cannot be performed synchronously by the server.

> The challenge is as follows:

Reviewer: There is something missing here

Author: Thanks, I added a mermaid diagram

Therefore, only one revoker may update a given StatusList2021Credential at a given time.

**Chosen solution:**

> Have a 1to1 mapping of StatusListCredential to VC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have a 1 to1 mapping of StatusListCredential to VC.
```
